doc: update ACRN configuration tool document (#3742)
projectacrn/acrn-hypervisor: doc/getting-started/building-from-source.rst

   $ make -C hypervisor
   $ make -C misc/efi-stub HV_OBJDIR=$PWD/hypervisor/build EFI_OBJDIR=$PWD/hypervisor/build

> The acrn.efi will be generated in directory: ``./hypervisor/build/acrn.efi``

Reviewer: Done

(`Slim bootloader
<https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/design/products-and-solutions/technologies/slim-bootloader/overview.html>`_)
hypervisor.

As mentioned in :ref:`ACRN Configuration Tool <vm_config_workflow>`,
Board configuration and VM configuration could be imported from XML files.
If you want to build hypervisor with XML configuration files, please specify the
file location as follows:

.. code-block:: none

   $ make BOARD_FILE=$(BOARD).xml SCENARIO_FILE=$(SCENARIO).xml FIRMWARE=uefi

> .. note:: The file path must be absolute path. Both of the ``BOARD`` and ``SCENARIO``

Reviewer 2: agree, need to add path in the command line.
e.g.: make BOARD_FILE=/home/acrn-hypervisor/misc/acrn-config/xmls/board-xmls/apl-up2.xml SCENARIO_FILE=/home/acrn-hypervisor/misc/acrn-config/xmls/config-xmls/apl-up2/sdc.xml

   $ make -C hypervisor
   $ make -C misc/efi-stub HV_OBJDIR=$PWD/hypervisor/build EFI_OBJDIR=$PWD/hypervisor/build

The``acrn.efi`` will be generated in directory: ``./hypervisor/build/acrn.efi``
(`Slim bootloader
<https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/design/products-and-solutions/technologies/slim-bootloader/overview.html>`_)
hypervisor.

As mentioned in :ref:`ACRN Configuration Tool <vm_config_workflow>`,
Board configuration and VM configuration could be imported from XML files.
If you want to build hypervisor with XML configuration files, please specify the
file location as follows:

.. code-block:: none

>    $ BOARD_FILE=/home/acrn-hypervisor/misc/acrn-config/xmls/board-xmls/apl-up2.xml 

Reviewer 3: I know I asked for a real example but upon reading it, I think this line would be sufficiently clear:
```suggestion
   $ make BOARD_FILE=/path/to/$(BOARD).xml SCENARIO_FILE=/path/to/$(SCENARIO).xml FIRMWARE=uefi
```

   SCENARIO_FILE=/home/acrn-hypervisor/misc/acrn-config/xmls/config-xmls/apl-up2/sdc.xml FIRMWARE=uefi

.. note:: The file path must be absolute path. Both of the ``BOARD`` and ``SCENARIO``

>    parameters are not needed because the information could be got from XML.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   parameters are not needed because the information will be retrieved from XML. Please adjust the example above to your own environment (path).
```
